# Trenz Electronic USB Suite
Trenz Electronic C++ API for Trenz Electronic FPGA module series equipped with USB FX2 microcontroller. It requires Trenz Electronic 3rd generation drivers.<br />
With sample applications.

TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI is the project that creates the C++ API used in the C++ example project TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI_SampleApplication.<br />
Both projects have been generated by *Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Express* and are set to compile for 32 bit.

Please read further details in Readme.txt file.<br />
Please find the documentation here (generation 3): http://www.trenz-electronic.de/download/d0/Trenz_Electronic/d1/TE-USB-Suite.html .

## FilesToImportForApplicationCpp
FilesToImportForApplicationCpp contains files required to create a new C++ software project that uses TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI.dll.<br />
In particular, there are two header files: TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI.h and CyApi.h. This two files must be added in the new C++ software project under "Include Files".<br />
The DLL32 subdirectory contains various files, but the only file necessary for a new C++ software project is TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI.dll that must be added under "Resource Files". The other files have been stored here for completness.<br />
The DLL64 subdirectory contains various files, but the only file necessary for a new C++ software project is TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI.dll that must be added under "Resource Files". The other files have been stored here for completness.

## TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 project for Trenz Electronic C++ API.<br />
Folder "TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI\TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI\DLL32" contains the lib file CyAPI.lib at 32 bit required for the creation of TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI.dll at 32 bit.<br />
Folder "TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI\TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI\DLL64" contains the lib file CyAPI.lib at 64 bit required for the creation of TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI.dll at 64 bit.

## TE_USB_FX2_CyAPI_SampleApplication
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 project for a Trenz Electronic C++ API sample application.
